README.md, before:

# My Top Spotify Web Client

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Accudio-0366d6.svg)](https://github.com/Accudio) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@accudio-1DA1F2.svg)](https://twitter.com/accudio) [![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-accudio.com-4B86AF.svg)](https://accudio.com) [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-009cde.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=alistair.shepherd@hotmail.co.uk&item_name=Supporting+open+source+projects+by+Alistair+Shepherd&currency_code=GBP)

Web Client for [mytopspotify.io][url], based on [React][reactjs] and built using [create-react-app][createreactapp]. Authenticates with [Spotify][spotifyurl] using [My Top Spotify Server][mytopspotifyserver]. Built by [Alistair Shepherd][alistairshepherdurl] from [Accudio][accudiourl].

## Installation

This client build with Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

## Running
To start the development server, run:

    $ npm start

Then open `http://localhost:3000` in a browser. For more information on building the client and deployment see [create-react-app.md]

## Version History

- v0.1.0 - Initial Release

[url]:https://mytopspotify.io/
[mytopspotifyserver]:https://github.com/Accudio/my-top-spotify-server/
[reactjs]:https://reactjs.org/
[createreactapp]:https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app
[createreactappmd]:https://github.com/Accudio/my-top-spotify-web-client/blob/master/create-react-app.md
[spotifyurl]:https://spotify.com/
[alistairshepherdurl]:https://alistairshepherd.co.uk/
[accudiourl]:https://accudio.com/

Commit message:

Bumped version to 0.9.0 for first beta release

README.md, after:

# My Top Spotify Web Client

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Accudio-0366d6.svg)](https://github.com/Accudio) [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-@accudio-1DA1F2.svg)](https://twitter.com/accudio) [![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Website-accudio.com-4B86AF.svg)](https://accudio.com) [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Paypal-009cde.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=alistair.shepherd@hotmail.co.uk&item_name=Supporting+open+source+projects+by+Alistair+Shepherd&currency_code=GBP)

Web Client for [mytopspotify.io][url], based on [React][reactjs] and built using [create-react-app][createreactapp]. Authenticates with [Spotify][spotifyurl] using [My Top Spotify Server][mytopspotifyserver]. Built by [Alistair Shepherd][alistairshepherdurl] from [Accudio][accudiourl].

## Installation

This client build with Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

## Running
To start the development server, run:

    $ npm start

Then open `http://localhost:3000` in a browser. For more information on building the client and deployment see [create-react-app.md][createreactappmd]

## Version History

- v0.9.0 - First release of beta version. Includes full intended fucntionality and design.
- v0.1.0 - Initial Release

[url]:https://mytopspotify.io/
[mytopspotifyserver]:https://github.com/Accudio/my-top-spotify-server/
[reactjs]:https://reactjs.org/
[createreactapp]:https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app
[createreactappmd]:https://github.com/Accudio/my-top-spotify-web-client/blob/master/create-react-app.md
[spotifyurl]:https://spotify.com/
[alistairshepherdurl]:https://alistairshepherd.co.uk/
[accudiourl]:https://accudio.com/
